fix: implement changes keeping metatags (#1078)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/architectures/bot-management/bot-management-architecture.mdx

---
title: Protect Your Edge Applications with a Bot Management Solution

> description: Discover Azion's Bot Manager leveraging machine learning for advanced
>   bot detection, ensuring robust security with real-time analytics on the edge platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Discover Azion Bot Manager, which leverages machine learning for advanced bot detection, ensuring robust security with real-time analytics on the edge platform.
```
